Something bad, Mr. Yue
What's up?
group
Now under unexplained financial attack
It's at stake now. What?
What the hell is going on?
Can't find the reason now
monthly total
Maybe it's an indiscriminate attack by overseas hackers.
Mr. Yue, we have lost tens of billions now.
Go on like this
I'm afraid our menstrual group will disappear
And you single-handedly took the moon from a run-down family
Make a name for yourself
Don't you just pay for it? Impossible
You are all my high salaries from Wall Street
Hiring talent
How can you be helpless?
Yuesao, we all tried our best
Trash is fucking trash
Miss Yue
I didn't order dessert for your takeout. You sent it wrong.
I know I gave it to you.
You are the delivery guy who was bullied just now.
I especially thank you
Like I said, a little effort isn't enough.
Don't you see I'm busy now?
Please don't disturb me.
What if I could solve this?